then the children of Israel moved and
then the children of Israel moved and camped in the plains of Moab on the side
camped in the plains of Moab on the side
camped in the plains of Moab on the side of the Jordan the cross from Jericho now
of the Jordan the cross from Jericho now
of the Jordan the cross from Jericho now balak the son of zippor saw all that
balak the son of zippor saw all that
balak the son of zippor saw all that Israel had done to the ammonites and
Israel had done to the ammonites and
Israel had done to the ammonites and Moab was exceedingly afraid of the
Moab was exceedingly afraid of the
Moab was exceedingly afraid of the people because they were many and Moab
people because they were many and Moab
people because they were many and Moab was sick with dread because of the
was sick with dread because of the
was sick with dread because of the children of Israel
children of Israel
children of Israel so Moab said to the elders of Midian now
so Moab said to the elders of Midian now
so Moab said to the elders of Midian now this company will lick up everything
this company will lick up everything
this company will lick up everything around us as an ox licks up the grass of
around us as an ox licks up the grass of
around us as an ox licks up the grass of the field and balak the son of zippor
the field and balak the son of zippor
the field and balak the son of zippor was king of the Moabites at that time
was king of the Moabites at that time
was king of the Moabites at that time then he sent messengers to Balaam the
then he sent messengers to Balaam the
then he sent messengers to Balaam the son of Beor at people which is near the
son of Beor at people which is near the
son of Beor at people which is near the river in the land of the sons of his
river in the land of the sons of his
river in the land of the sons of his people to call him saying look a people
people to call him saying look a people
people to call him saying look a people has come from Egypt see they cover the
has come from Egypt see they cover the
has come from Egypt see they cover the face of the earth and are settling next
face of the earth and are settling next
face of the earth and are settling next to me therefore please come at once
to me therefore please come at once
to me therefore please come at once curse this people for me for they are
curse this people for me for they are
curse this people for me for they are too mighty for me perhaps I shall be
too mighty for me perhaps I shall be
too mighty for me perhaps I shall be able to defeat them and drive them out
able to defeat them and drive them out
able to defeat them and drive them out of the land for I know that he whom you
of the land for I know that he whom you
of the land for I know that he whom you bless is blessed and he whom you curse
bless is blessed and he whom you curse
bless is blessed and he whom you curse is cursed
is cursed
is cursed so the elders of MOA and the elders of
so the elders of MOA and the elders of
so the elders of MOA and the elders of midian departed with the diviners fee in
midian departed with the diviners fee in
midian departed with the diviners fee in their hand
their hand
their hand and they came to Balaam and spoke to him
and they came to Balaam and spoke to him
and they came to Balaam and spoke to him the words of Balaam and he said to them
the words of Balaam and he said to them
the words of Balaam and he said to them large here tonight and I will bring back
large here tonight and I will bring back
large here tonight and I will bring back word to you as the Lord speaks to me
so the princes of Moab stayed with
so the princes of Moab stayed with Balaam then God came to Balaam and said
Balaam then God came to Balaam and said
Balaam then God came to Balaam and said who are these men with you
who are these men with you
who are these men with you balak the son of zippor king of Moab has
balak the son of zippor king of Moab has
balak the son of zippor king of Moab has sent to me saying look a people has come
sent to me saying look a people has come
sent to me saying look a people has come out of Egypt and they cover the face of
out of Egypt and they cover the face of
out of Egypt and they cover the face of the earth come now curse them for me
the earth come now curse them for me
the earth come now curse them for me perhaps I shall be able to overpower
perhaps I shall be able to overpower
perhaps I shall be able to overpower them and drive them out you shall not go
them and drive them out you shall not go
them and drive them out you shall not go with them you shall not curse the people
with them you shall not curse the people
with them you shall not curse the people for they are blessed so Balaam rose in
for they are blessed so Balaam rose in
for they are blessed so Balaam rose in the morning and said to the princes of
the morning and said to the princes of
the morning and said to the princes of Balak go back to your land for the Lord
Balak go back to your land for the Lord
Balak go back to your land for the Lord has refused to give me permission to go
has refused to give me permission to go
has refused to give me permission to go with you and the princes of Moab rose
with you and the princes of Moab rose
with you and the princes of Moab rose and went to Balak and said Balaam
and went to Balak and said Balaam
and went to Balak and said Balaam refuses to come with us then Balak again
refuses to come with us then Balak again
refuses to come with us then Balak again sent princes more numerous and more
sent princes more numerous and more
sent princes more numerous and more honorable than they and they came to
honorable than they and they came to
honorable than they and they came to Balaam and said to him thus says balak
Balaam and said to him thus says balak
Balaam and said to him thus says balak the son of zippor please let nothing
the son of zippor please let nothing
the son of zippor please let nothing hinder you from coming to me for I will
hinder you from coming to me for I will
hinder you from coming to me for I will certainly honour you greatly and I will
certainly honour you greatly and I will
certainly honour you greatly and I will do whatever you say to me
do whatever you say to me
do whatever you say to me therefore please come curse these people
therefore please come curse these people
therefore please come curse these people for me fan Balaam answered and said to
for me fan Balaam answered and said to
for me fan Balaam answered and said to the servants of Balak though Balak were
the servants of Balak though Balak were
the servants of Balak though Balak were to give me his house full of silver
to give me his house full of silver
to give me his house full of silver I could not go beyond the word of the
I could not go beyond the word of the
I could not go beyond the word of the Lord my god to do less or more
Lord my god to do less or more
Lord my god to do less or more now therefore please you also stay here
now therefore please you also stay here
now therefore please you also stay here tonight
tonight
tonight that I may know what more the Lord will
that I may know what more the Lord will
that I may know what more the Lord will say to me and God came to bail him at
say to me and God came to bail him at
say to me and God came to bail him at night and said to him if the men come to
night and said to him if the men come to
night and said to him if the men come to call you rise and go with them but only
call you rise and go with them but only
call you rise and go with them but only the word which I speak to you that you
the word which I speak to you that you
the word which I speak to you that you shall do so Balaam rose in the morning
shall do so Balaam rose in the morning
shall do so Balaam rose in the morning saddled his donkey and went with the
saddled his donkey and went with the
saddled his donkey and went with the princes of mower then the God's anger
princes of mower then the God's anger
princes of mower then the God's anger was aroused because he wept and the
was aroused because he wept and the
was aroused because he wept and the angel of the Lord took his stand in the
angel of the Lord took his stand in the
angel of the Lord took his stand in the way as an adversary against him and he
way as an adversary against him and he
way as an adversary against him and he was riding on his donkey and his two
was riding on his donkey and his two
was riding on his donkey and his two servants were willing now the donkey saw
servants were willing now the donkey saw
servants were willing now the donkey saw the angel of the Lord standing in the
the angel of the Lord standing in the
the angel of the Lord standing in the way with his drawn sword in his hand
way with his drawn sword in his hand
way with his drawn sword in his hand the donkey turned aside out of the way
the donkey turned aside out of the way
the donkey turned aside out of the way and went into the feet
and went into the feet
and went into the feet surveillance truck donkey to turn a book
surveillance truck donkey to turn a book
surveillance truck donkey to turn a book onto the road then the angel of the Lord
onto the road then the angel of the Lord
onto the road then the angel of the Lord stood in a narrow path between the
stood in a narrow path between the
stood in a narrow path between the vineyards with a wall on this side and a
vineyards with a wall on this side and a
vineyards with a wall on this side and a wall on that side when the donkey saw
wall on that side when the donkey saw
wall on that side when the donkey saw the angel Overlord she pushed himself
the angel Overlord she pushed himself
the angel Overlord she pushed himself against the hill and crushed Balaam
against the hill and crushed Balaam
against the hill and crushed Balaam stood against the wall he struck her
stood against the wall he struck her
stood against the wall he struck her again then the angel of the Lord went
again then the angel of the Lord went
again then the angel of the Lord went further and stood in a narrow place
further and stood in a narrow place
further and stood in a narrow place where there was no way to turn either to
where there was no way to turn either to
where there was no way to turn either to the right hand or to the left when the
the right hand or to the left when the
the right hand or to the left when the donkey saw the angel of the Lord she lay
donkey saw the angel of the Lord she lay
donkey saw the angel of the Lord she lay down under de Manasseh Balaam's anger
down under de Manasseh Balaam's anger
down under de Manasseh Balaam's anger was aroused and he struck the donkey
was aroused and he struck the donkey
was aroused and he struck the donkey with his staff then the Lord opened the
with his staff then the Lord opened the
with his staff then the Lord opened the mouth of the donkey and she said to
mouth of the donkey and she said to
mouth of the donkey and she said to Balaam that you have struck me these
Balaam that you have struck me these
Balaam that you have struck me these three times and Balaam said to the
three times and Balaam said to the
three times and Balaam said to the donkey because you have abused me I wish
donkey because you have abused me I wish
donkey because you have abused me I wish there were a sword in my hand for now I
there were a sword in my hand for now I
there were a sword in my hand for now I would kill you
would kill you
would kill you am I not your donkey and which you have
am I not your donkey and which you have
am I not your donkey and which you have written ever since I became yours to
written ever since I became yours to
written ever since I became yours to this day was I ever disposed to do this
this day was I ever disposed to do this
this day was I ever disposed to do this to you no and the Lord opened baylin's
to you no and the Lord opened baylin's
to you no and the Lord opened baylin's eyes and he saw the angel of the Lord
eyes and he saw the angel of the Lord
eyes and he saw the angel of the Lord standing in the way with his drawn sword
standing in the way with his drawn sword
standing in the way with his drawn sword in his hand
in his hand
in his hand and he bowed his head and fell flat on
and he bowed his head and fell flat on
and he bowed his head and fell flat on his face and the angel of the Lord said
his face and the angel of the Lord said
his face and the angel of the Lord said to him why have you struck your donkey
to him why have you struck your donkey
to him why have you struck your donkey these three times behold I have come out
these three times behold I have come out
these three times behold I have come out to stand against you because your way is
to stand against you because your way is
to stand against you because your way is perverse before me the donkey saw me and
perverse before me the donkey saw me and
perverse before me the donkey saw me and turned aside for me these three times
turned aside for me these three times
turned aside for me these three times she had not turn aside for me surely I
she had not turn aside for me surely I
she had not turn aside for me surely I would also have killed you by now and
would also have killed you by now and
would also have killed you by now and let her live I have sinned
let her live I have sinned
let her live I have sinned for I did not know you stood in the way
for I did not know you stood in the way
for I did not know you stood in the way against me now therefore if it
against me now therefore if it
against me now therefore if it displeases you I will turn back go with
displeases you I will turn back go with
displeases you I will turn back go with the men but only the word that I speak
the men but only the word that I speak
the men but only the word that I speak to you that you shall speak so Balaam
to you that you shall speak so Balaam
to you that you shall speak so Balaam went with the princes of Balaam now when
went with the princes of Balaam now when
went with the princes of Balaam now when they lack heard that Balaam was coming
they lack heard that Balaam was coming
they lack heard that Balaam was coming he went out to meet him at the city of
he went out to meet him at the city of
he went out to meet him at the city of Moab which is on the border at the Arnon
Moab which is on the border at the Arnon
Moab which is on the border at the Arnon the boundary of the territory then Balak
the boundary of the territory then Balak
the boundary of the territory then Balak said to Balaam did I not earnestly send
said to Balaam did I not earnestly send
said to Balaam did I not earnestly send to you calling for you why did you not
to you calling for you why did you not
to you calling for you why did you not come to me am I not able to honor you
come to me am I not able to honor you
come to me am I not able to honor you look I have come to you
look I have come to you
look I have come to you now have I any power at all to say
now have I any power at all to say
now have I any power at all to say anything the word that God puts in my
anything the word that God puts in my
anything the word that God puts in my mouth that I must speak so Balaam went
mouth that I must speak so Balaam went
mouth that I must speak so Balaam went with Balak and they came to kill Jeff
with Balak and they came to kill Jeff
with Balak and they came to kill Jeff Huson then Balak offered oxen and sheep
Huson then Balak offered oxen and sheep
Huson then Balak offered oxen and sheep he sent some to Balaam and to the
he sent some to Balaam and to the
he sent some to Balaam and to the princes who were with him so it was the
princes who were with him so it was the
princes who were with him so it was the next day that Balak took Balaam and
next day that Balak took Balaam and
next day that Balak took Balaam and brought him up to the high places of
brought him up to the high places of
brought him up to the high places of Bale that from there he might observe
Bale that from there he might observe
Bale that from there he might observe the extent of the people
the extent of the people
the extent of the people [Music]